A note about leveraging JJ's ignite karaoke app (#14057)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/page/organizing.md

[Ignite format page](/ignite-talks-format/)

> If you are looking for a way to fill in for more ignites (pad the schedule) or have some fun with volunteers "Ignite Karaoke" is a great way to engage with your audiance. The idea is just one minute per volunteer, 4 slides 15 seconds each, with a title and some "funny" pictures. It works extremely well for some laughs and engagement, and people can enjoy it greatly. JJ Asghar has created a tool to help create these slides if you want to experiment with this new way expose more people to the ignite format in a fun manner. [GitHub repo](https://github.com/jjasghar/ignite_karaoke)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for a way to fill in for more ignites (pad the schedule) or have some fun with volunteers "Ignite Karaoke" is a great way to engage with your audience. The idea is just one minute per volunteer, 4 slides 15 seconds each, with a title and some "funny" pictures. It works extremely well for some laughs and engagement, and people can enjoy it greatly. JJ Asghar has created a tool to help create these slides if you want to experiment with this new way expose more people to the ignite format in a fun manner. [GitHub repo](https://github.com/jjasghar/ignite_karaoke)
```

> If you are looking for a way to fill in for more ignites (pad the schedule) or have some fun with volunteers "Ignite Karaoke" is a great way to engage with your audience. The idea is just one minute per volunteer, 4 slides 15 seconds each, with a title and some "funny" pictures. It works extremely well for some laughs and engagement, and people can enjoy it greatly. JJ Asghar has created a tool to help create these slides if you want to experiment with this new way expose more people to the ignite format in a fun manner. [GitHub repo](https://github.com/jjasghar/ignite_karaoke)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're looking for a way to fill in for more ignites (i.e. pad the schedule), or just to have some fun, "Ignite Karaoke" is a great way to engage with your audience. The idea is straightforward: one minute per participant, four slides of 15 seconds each, where each slide has a title and a "funny" picture. It's great for some laughs and engagement—people really enjoy it! JJ Asghar maintains a tool to help create these slides if you want to experiment with this fun ignite format: [GitHub repo](https://github.com/jjasghar/ignite_karaoke)
```
